#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
camera @ git+https://github.com/ivapylibs/camera.git@2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
fonttools==4.39.2
    # via matplotlib
imageio==2.26.1
    # via scikit-image
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via matplotlib
improcessor @ git+https://github.com/ivapylibs/improcessor.git
    # via camera
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.2
    # via scikit-image
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   camera
    #   improcessor
networkx==3.0
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   camera
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   improcessor
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
opencv-contrib-python==4.5.5.62
    # via
    #   camera
    #   improcessor
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrealsense2==2.53.1.4623
    # via camera
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via matplotlib
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
scikit-image==0.20.0
    # via improcessor
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via camera
scipy==1.9.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.3.21
    # via scikit-image
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via camera
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-resources
